[IGNORE] review datasource documentation (#1490)
perses/perses: docs/api/plugin/prometheus.md

Prometheus as a datasource is basically an HTTP server. So we need to define am HTTP config.

```yaml
  # It is the url of the datasource.
  # Leave it empty if you don't want to access the datasource directly from the UI.
  # You should define a proxy if you want to access the datasource through the Perses' server.
  [ directUrl: <url> ]

  # It is the http configuration that will be used by the Perses' server to redirect to the datasource any query sent by the UI.
  [ proxy: <http_proxy_spec> ]
```

#### `<http_proxy_spec>`

```yaml
kind: "HTTPProxy"
spec:
  # URL is the url of datasource. It is not the url of the proxy.
  url: <url>

  # It is a tuple list of http methods and http endpoints that will be accessible.
  # Leave it empty if you don't want to restrict the access to the datasource.
  allowedEndpoints:
    - [ <allowedEndpoints_spec> ]

  # It can be used to provide additional headers that need to be forwarded when requesting the datasource
  headers:
    [ <string>: <string> ]
  # This is the name of the secret that should be used for the proxy or discovery configuration
  # It will contain any sensitive information such as password, token, certificate.

>   # Please the documentation about the secret to understand how to create it

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Please the documentation about secrets to understand how to create one
```

# Prometheus

This documentation is providing the definition of the different plugin related to Prometheus

## Datasource

```yaml
kind: "PrometheusDatasource"
spec: <prometheus_plugin_spec>
```

### Plugin Specification

> Prometheus as a datasource is basically an HTTP server. So we need to define am HTTP config.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Prometheus as a datasource is basically an HTTP server. So we need to define an HTTP config.
```
